idDirector|name
idDirector0001|Frank Darabont
idDirector0002|Francis Ford Coppola
idDirector0003|Christopher Nolan
idDirector0004|Sidney Lumet
idDirector0005|Peter Jackson
idDirector0006|Quentin Tarantino
idDirector0007|Steven Spielberg
idDirector0008|David Fincher
idDirector0009|Robert Zemeckis
idDirector0010|Sergio Leone
idDirector0011|Lana Wachowski
idDirector0012|Martin Scorsese
idDirector0013|Irvin Kershner
idDirector0014|Milos Forman
idDirector0015|Thomas Kail
idDirector0016|Bong Joon Ho
idDirector0017|Sudha Kongara
idDirector0018|Fernando Meirelles
idDirector0019|Hayao Miyazaki
idDirector0020|Roberto Benigni
idDirector0021|Jonathan Demme
idDirector0022|George Lucas
idDirector0023|Masaki Kobayashi
idDirector0024|Akira Kurosawa
idDirector0025|Frank Capra
idDirector0026|Todd Phillips
idDirector0027|Damien Chazelle
idDirector0028|Olivier Nakache
idDirector0029|Roman Polanski
idDirector0030|Ridley Scott
idDirector0031|Tony Kaye
idDirector0032|Bryan Singer
idDirector0033|Luc Besson
idDirector0034|Roger Allers
idDirector0035|James Cameron
idDirector0036|Giuseppe Tornatore
idDirector0037|Isao Takahata
idDirector0038|Alfred Hitchcock
idDirector0039|Michael Curtiz
idDirector0040|Charles Chaplin
idDirector0041|Nadine Labaki
idDirector0042|Can Ulkay
idDirector0043|Gayatri
idDirector0044|Makoto Shinkai
idDirector0045|Nitesh Tiwari
idDirector0046|Bob Persichetti
idDirector0047|Anthony Russo
idDirector0048|Lee Unkrich
idDirector0049|Rajkumar Hirani
idDirector0050|Aamir Khan
idDirector0051|Andrew Stanton
idDirector0052|Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
idDirector0053|Chan-wook Park
idDirector0054|Stanley Kubrick
idDirector0055|Hrishikesh Mukherjee
idDirector0056|Billy Wilder
idDirector0057|Sam Mendes
idDirector0058|Rahi Anil Barve
idDirector0059|Sriram Raghavan
idDirector0060|Jeethu Joseph
idDirector0061|Thomas Vinterberg
idDirector0062|Asghar Farhadi
idDirector0063|Denis Villeneuve
idDirector0064|Mehmet Ada Öztekin
idDirector0065|Çagan Irmak
idDirector0066|Michel Gondry
idDirector0067|Jean-Pierre Jeunet
idDirector0068|Guy Ritchie
idDirector0069|Darren Aronofsky
idDirector0070|Gus Van Sant
idDirector0071|Majid Majidi
idDirector0072|John Lasseter
idDirector0073|Mel Gibson
idDirector0074|Elem Klimov
idDirector0075|Brian De Palma
idDirector0076|Richard Marquand
idDirector0077|Wolfgang Petersen
idDirector0078|George Roy Hill
idDirector0079|David Lean
idDirector0080|Stanley Donen
idDirector0081|Vittorio De Sica
idDirector0082|Orson Welles
idDirector0083|Fritz Lang
idDirector0084|Aditya Dhar
idDirector0085|Prashanth Neel
idDirector0086|Peter Farrelly
idDirector0087|Martin McDonagh
idDirector0088|Meghna Gulzar
idDirector0089|S.S. Rajamouli
idDirector0090|Sergio Pablos
idDirector0091|Nishikant Kamat
idDirector0092|Vikas Bahl
idDirector0093|Zaza Urushadze
idDirector0094|Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra
idDirector0095|Anurag Kashyap
idDirector0096|Vikramaditya Motwane
idDirector0097|Tigmanshu Dhulia
idDirector0098|Juan José Campanella
idDirector0099|Gavin O'Connor
idDirector0100|Pete Docter
idDirector0101|Shimit Amin
idDirector0102|Paul Thomas Anderson
idDirector0103|Guillermo del Toro
idDirector0104|James McTeigue
idDirector0105|Sanjay Leela Bhansali
idDirector0106|Ashutosh Gowariker
idDirector0107|Oliver Hirschbiegel
idDirector0108|Ron Howard
idDirector0109|Priyadarshan
idDirector0110|Curtis Hanson
idDirector0111|Yavuz Turgul
idDirector0112|Michael Mann
idDirector0113|Rajkumar Santoshi
idDirector0114|Clint Eastwood
idDirector0115|Emir Kusturica
idDirector0116|John McTiernan
idDirector0117|Andrei Tarkovsky
idDirector0118|Ingmar Bergman
idDirector0119|Moustapha Akkad
idDirector0120|Ramesh Sippy
idDirector0121|Terry Gilliam
idDirector0122|John Sturges
idDirector0123|Robert Mulligan
idDirector0124|Stanley Kramer
idDirector0125|Jules Dassin
idDirector0126|Yasujirô Ozu
idDirector0127|Joseph L. Mankiewicz
idDirector0128|John Huston
idDirector0129|Ernst Lubitsch
idDirector0130|Buster Keaton
idDirector0131|Céline Sciamma
idDirector0132|Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury
idDirector0133|Naoko Yamada
idDirector0134|Oriol Paulo
idDirector0135|Xavier Dolan
idDirector0136|Vishal Bhardwaj
idDirector0137|James Mangold
idDirector0138|Lenny Abrahamson
idDirector0139|Damián Szifron
idDirector0140|Nuri Bilge Ceylan
idDirector0141|Umesh Shukla
idDirector0142|Wes Anderson
idDirector0143|Mamoru Hosoda
idDirector0144|Anurag Basu
idDirector0145|Steve McQueen
idDirector0146|Tom McCarthy
idDirector0147|Tomm Moore
idDirector0148|Sujoy Ghosh
idDirector0149|Zoya Akhtar
idDirector0150|George Miller
idDirector0151|Neeraj Pandey
idDirector0152|David Yates
idDirector0153|Yôjirô Takita
idDirector0154|Lasse Hallström
idDirector0155|Adam Elliot
idDirector0156|Dean DeBlois
idDirector0157|Sean Penn
idDirector0158|Ethan Coen
idDirector0159|Terry George
idDirector0160|Je-kyu Kang
idDirector0161|Richard Linklater
idDirector0162|Farhan Akhtar
idDirector0163|Alejandro G. Iñárritu
idDirector0164|Hideaki Anno
idDirector0165|M. Night Shyamalan
idDirector0166|Peter Weir
idDirector0167|Joel Coen
idDirector0168|Kar-Wai Wong
idDirector0169|Danny Boyle
idDirector0170|Mathieu Kassovitz
idDirector0171|Aditya Chopra
idDirector0172|Krzysztof Kieslowski
idDirector0173|Jim Sheridan
idDirector0174|Kaige Chen
idDirector0175|Yimou Zhang
idDirector0176|Rob Reiner
idDirector0177|Oliver Stone
idDirector0178|Wim Wenders
idDirector0179|John Carpenter
idDirector0180|Alan Parker
idDirector0181|Werner Herzog
idDirector0182|David Lynch
idDirector0183|Terry Jones
idDirector0184|Michael Cimino
idDirector0185|John G. Avildsen
idDirector0186|Peter Bogdanovich
idDirector0187|Jean-Pierre Melville
idDirector0188|Stuart Rosenberg
idDirector0189|Gillo Pontecorvo
idDirector0190|Luis Buñuel
idDirector0191|Robert Aldrich
idDirector0192|John Ford
idDirector0193|François Truffaut
idDirector0194|William Wyler
idDirector0195|Federico Fellini
idDirector0196|Elia Kazan
idDirector0197|Henri-Georges Clouzot
idDirector0198|Raoul Walsh
idDirector0199|Carol Reed
idDirector0200|Michael Powell
idDirector0201|Victor Fleming
idDirector0202|Jean Renoir
idDirector0203|Carl Theodor Dreyer
idDirector0204|F.W. Murnau
idDirector0205|Clyde Bruckman
idDirector0206|Robert Wiene
idDirector0207|Amit Ravindernath Sharma
idDirector0208|Ericson Core
idDirector0209|Raja Menon
idDirector0210|Kabir Khan
idDirector0211|Garth Davis
idDirector0212|Byron Howard
idDirector0213|Stephen Chbosky
idDirector0214|Destin Daniel Cretton
idDirector0215|Gareth Evans
idDirector0216|Morten Tyldum
idDirector0217|James Gunn
idDirector0218|Spike Jonze
idDirector0219|José Padilha
idDirector0220|Tom Hooper
idDirector0221|Tate Taylor
idDirector0222|Tim Miller
idDirector0223|Wilson Yip
idDirector0224|Karan Johar
idDirector0225|Levent Semerci
idDirector0226|Joss Whedon
idDirector0227|Vincent Paronnaud
idDirector0228|Jean-Marc Vallée
idDirector0229|Gabriele Muccino
idDirector0230|Edward Zwick
idDirector0231|Paul Greengrass
idDirector0232|Ki-duk Kim
idDirector0233|Frank Miller
idDirector0234|Julian Schnabel
idDirector0235|Ömer Faruk Sorak
idDirector0236|Brad Bird
idDirector0237|Martin Campbell
idDirector0238|Andrey Zvyagintsev
idDirector0239|Alejandro Amenábar
idDirector0240|Nikkhil Advani
idDirector0241|Andrew Lau
idDirector0242|Gore Verbinski
idDirector0243|Tim Burton
idDirector0244|Jae-young Kwak
idDirector0245|Lars von Trier
idDirector0246|Yilmaz Erdogan
idDirector0247|Richard Kelly
idDirector0248|Satoshi Kon
idDirector0249|Walter Salles
idDirector0250|Thomas Jahn
idDirector0251|Billy Bob Thornton
idDirector0252|Mike Leigh
idDirector0253|Mamoru Oshii
idDirector0254|Henry Selick
idDirector0255|Harold Ramis
idDirector0256|Taylor Hackford
idDirector0257|Martin Brest
idDirector0258|Ron Clements
idDirector0259|Gary Trousdale
idDirector0260|Kevin Costner
idDirector0261|Spike Lee
idDirector0262|Barry Levinson
idDirector0263|Katsuhiro Ôtomo
idDirector0264|Louis Malle
idDirector0265|Richard Attenborough
idDirector0266|Hal Ashby
idDirector0267|Woody Allen
idDirector0268|Mel Brooks
idDirector0269|Franklin J. Schaffner
idDirector0270|William Friedkin
idDirector0271|Norman Jewison
idDirector0272|Bernardo Bertolucci
idDirector0273|Mike Nichols
idDirector0274|Robert Wise
idDirector0275|Jean-Luc Godard
idDirector0276|Robert Rossen
idDirector0277|Howard Hawks
idDirector0278|Otto Preminger
idDirector0279|Richard Brooks
idDirector0280|Alexander Mackendrick
idDirector0281|Charles Laughton
idDirector0282|Nicholas Ray
idDirector0283|Robert Hamer
idDirector0284|Jacques Tourneur
idDirector0285|W.S. Van Dyke
idDirector0286|Lewis Milestone
idDirector0287|Sergei M. Eisenstein
idDirector0288|Rian Johnson
idDirector0289|Mukesh Chhabra
idDirector0290|Hirokazu Koreeda
idDirector0291|Noah Baumbach
idDirector0292|Luca Guadagnino
idDirector0293|Ken Loach
idDirector0294|Taika Waititi
idDirector0295|Matt Ross
idDirector0296|John Carney
idDirector0297|Dan Gilroy
idDirector0298|J.J. Abrams
idDirector0299|Michel Hazanavicius
idDirector0300|Doug Liman
idDirector0301|Michael Haneke
idDirector0302|Jacques Audiard
idDirector0303|Duncan Jones
idDirector0304|Tomas Alfredson
idDirector0305|Neill Blomkamp
idDirector0306|Imtiaz Ali
idDirector0307|Cristian Mungiu
idDirector0308|Richard Schenkman
idDirector0309|Tarsem Singh
idDirector0310|Ang Lee
idDirector0311|Christophe Barratier
idDirector0312|Jon Favreau
idDirector0313|Edgar Wright
idDirector0314|Fatih Akin
idDirector0315|Alfonso Cuarón
idDirector0316|Pedro Almodóvar
idDirector0317|Danis Tanovic
idDirector0318|Shin'ichirô Watanabe
idDirector0319|Fabián Bielinsky
idDirector0320|Cameron Crowe
idDirector0321|Yoshifumi Kondô
idDirector0322|Lee Tamahori
idDirector0323|Tony Scott
idDirector0324|Yoshiaki Kawajiri
idDirector0325|Bob Clark
idDirector0326|John Landis
idDirector0327|Bob Fosse
idDirector0328|George A. Romero
idDirector0329|Alan J. Pakula
idDirector0330|Alejandro Jodorowsky
idDirector0331|Sam Peckinpah
idDirector0332|Anthony Harvey
idDirector0333|John Frankenheimer
idDirector0334|Michelangelo Antonioni
idDirector0335|Alain Resnais
idDirector0336|Cecil B. DeMille
idDirector0337|Fred Zinnemann
idDirector0338|Henry Koster
idDirector0339|George Seaton
idDirector0340|George Cukor
idDirector0341|Sam Wood
idDirector0342|Merian C. Cooper
idDirector0343|Tod Browning
idDirector0344|Darius Marder
idDirector0345|Paolo Genovese
idDirector0346|Theodore Melfi
idDirector0347|Paul King
idDirector0348|Abhishek Chaubey
idDirector0349|Travis Knight
idDirector0350|Kenneth Lonergan
idDirector0351|Martin Zandvliet
idDirector0352|Gareth Edwards
idDirector0353|Greta Gerwig
idDirector0354|Dorota Kobiela
idDirector0355|Matthew Warchus
idDirector0356|Paolo Sorrentino
idDirector0357|Ritesh Batra
idDirector0358|Shoojit Sircar
idDirector0359|Don Hall
idDirector0360|Richard Curtis
idDirector0361|Gauri Shinde
idDirector0362|Josh Cooley
idDirector0363|Adam McKay
idDirector0364|Tetsuya Nakashima
idDirector0365|Jee-woon Kim
idDirector0366|Jeong-beom Lee
idDirector0367|F. Gary Gray
idDirector0368|Hong-jin Na
idDirector0369|Niels Arden Oplev
idDirector0370|Aaron Sorkin
idDirector0371|David O. Russell
idDirector0372|Pierre Morel
idDirector0373|Mark Herman
idDirector0374|Joe Wright
idDirector0375|Nicolas Winding Refn
idDirector0376|Jaco Van Dormael
idDirector0377|Jonathan Dayton
idDirector0378|Yash Chopra
idDirector0379|Anders Thomas Jensen
idDirector0380|Roger Donaldson
idDirector0381|Mikael Håfström
idDirector0382|Nick Cassavetes
idDirector0383|Lukas Moodysson
idDirector0384|Sylvain Chomet
idDirector0385|Kevin Reynolds
idDirector0386|Boaz Yakin
idDirector0387|Troy Duffy
idDirector0388|Joe Johnston
idDirector0389|Andrew Adamson
idDirector0390|Takeshi Kitano
idDirector0391|Andrew Niccol
idDirector0392|George P. Cosmatos
idDirector0393|David Mickey Evans
idDirector0394|James Ivory
idDirector0395|Andrew Davis
idDirector0396|Robert De Niro
idDirector0397|Kevin Altieri
idDirector0398|John Woo
idDirector0399|Jim Jarmusch
idDirector0400|John Singleton
idDirector0401|Penny Marshall
idDirector0402|Sam Raimi
idDirector0403|John Hughes
idDirector0404|Richard Donner
idDirector0405|Roland Joffé
idDirector0406|Ivan Reitman
idDirector0407|Philip Kaufman
idDirector0408|Robert Benton
idDirector0409|Terrence Malick
idDirector0410|René Laloux
idDirector0411|Mel Stuart
idDirector0412|John Schlesinger
idDirector0413|Terence Young
idDirector0414|Arthur Penn
idDirector0415|Robert Stevenson
idDirector0416|Ken Annakin
idDirector0417|Jack Clayton
idDirector0418|James Whale
idDirector0419|Leo McCarey
idDirector0420|Francis Lee
idDirector0421|David Leitch
idDirector0422|Taylor Sheridan
idDirector0423|Jordan Peele
idDirector0424|Christopher McQuarrie
idDirector0425|Hannes Holm
idDirector0426|Jemaine Clement
idDirector0427|James Simone
idDirector0428|James Marsh
idDirector0429|Matthew Vaughn
idDirector0430|Josh Boone
idDirector0431|Alfonso Gomez-Rejon
idDirector0432|Abdellatif Kechiche
idDirector0433|Abhishek Kapoor
idDirector0434|Felix van Groeningen
idDirector0435|Alexander Payne
idDirector0436|Rich Moore
idDirector0437|Mark Osborne
idDirector0438|Christopher Miller
idDirector0439|Cary Joji Fukunaga
idDirector0440|Ben Affleck
idDirector0441|Marc Webb
idDirector0442|Shûsuke Kaneko
idDirector0443|Shane Meadows
idDirector0444|Alex Garland
idDirector0445|Susanne Bier
idDirector0446|Kevin Macdonald
idDirector0447|Paul McGuigan
idDirector0448|Christian Carion
idDirector0449|Anton Corbijn
idDirector0450|Nathan Greno
idDirector0451|Paul Verhoeven
idDirector0452|Paul Haggis
idDirector0453|Stephen Chow
idDirector0454|Brad Anderson
idDirector0455|Sofia Coppola
idDirector0456|Mike Newell
idDirector0457|Peter Mullan
idDirector0458|Wolfgang Becker
idDirector0459|Jessie Nelson
idDirector0460|Stephen Daldry
idDirector0461|John Cameron Mitchell
idDirector0462|Steven Soderbergh
idDirector0463|Bob Gale
idDirector0464|Trey Parker
idDirector0465|Mike Judge
idDirector0466|Todd Solondz
idDirector0467|Antoine Fuqua
idDirector0468|James L. Brooks
idDirector0469|Francis Veber
idDirector0470|Scott Hicks
idDirector0471|Gregory Hoblit
idDirector0472|Kenneth Branagh
idDirector0473|Michael Radford
idDirector0474|Kevin Smith
idDirector0475|Robert Altman
idDirector0476|Brian Henson
idDirector0477|James Foley
idDirector0478|Jon Avnet
idDirector0479|George Sluizer
idDirector0480|Bruce Robinson
idDirector0481|Jean-Jacques Annaud
idDirector0482|Nicholas Meyer
idDirector0483|Ted Kotcheff
idDirector0484|Robert Redford
idDirector0485|Jim Abrahams
idDirector0486|Joseph Sargent
idDirector0487|Robert Clouse
idDirector0488|John Boorman
idDirector0489|Don Siegel
idDirector0490|Brian G. Hutton
idDirector0491|Gene Saks
idDirector0492|Cy Endfield
idDirector0493|Guy Hamilton
idDirector0494|J. Lee Thompson
idDirector0495|Georges Franju
idDirector0496|Charles Vidor
idDirector0497|James Algar
idDirector0498|Todd Haynes
idDirector0499|Aneesh Chaganty
idDirector0500|Sean Baker
idDirector0501|Tyler Nilson
idDirector0502|Sebastian Schipper
idDirector0503|Deniz Gamze Ergüven
idDirector0504|Joseph Kosinski
idDirector0505|Ryan Coogler
idDirector0506|David Mackenzie
idDirector0507|Stephen Frears
idDirector0508|Matt Reeves
idDirector0509|David Ayer
idDirector0510|Hiromasa Yonebayashi
idDirector0511|Bradley Cooper
idDirector0512|Pierre Coffin
idDirector0513|Jonathan Levine
idDirector0514|Daniel Monzón
idDirector0515|Bennett Miller
idDirector0516|Ruben Fleischer
idDirector0517|Dennis Gansel
idDirector0518|John Lee Hancock
idDirector0519|David Cronenberg
idDirector0520|Olivier Dahan
idDirector0521|Ronny Yu
idDirector0522|Neil Burger
idDirector0523|Zack Snyder
idDirector0524|James Wan
idDirector0525|Charlie Kaufman
idDirector0526|Gregg Araki
idDirector0527|Yann Samuell
idDirector0528|Marc Forster
idDirector0529|Eric Bress
idDirector0530|Kinji Fukasaku
idDirector0531|Chris Columbus
idDirector0532|Ted Demme
idDirector0533|Mary Harron
idDirector0534|Tom Tykwer
idDirector0535|Tony Bancroft
idDirector0536|Alex Proyas
idDirector0537|Joel Schumacher
idDirector0538|Jonathan Lynn
idDirector0539|Marc Caro
idDirector0540|David Zucker
idDirector0541|Mark Rydell
idDirector0542|Walter Hill
idDirector0543|James Frawley
idDirector0544|Martin Rosen
idDirector0545|Wolfgang Reitherman
idDirector0546|Richard Lester
idDirector0547|Blake Edwards
idDirector0548|George Stevens
