idDirector|name
idDirector0001|Aamir Khan
idDirector0002|Aaron Sorkin
idDirector0003|Abdellatif Kechiche
idDirector0004|Abhishek Chaubey
idDirector0005|Abhishek Kapoor
idDirector0006|Adam Elliot
idDirector0007|Adam McKay
idDirector0008|Aditya Chopra
idDirector0009|Aditya Dhar
idDirector0010|Akira Kurosawa
idDirector0011|Alain Resnais
idDirector0012|Alan J. Pakula
idDirector0013|Alan Parker
idDirector0014|Alejandro Amenábar
idDirector0015|Alejandro G. Iñárritu
idDirector0016|Alejandro Jodorowsky
idDirector0017|Alex Garland
idDirector0018|Alex Proyas
idDirector0019|Alexander Mackendrick
idDirector0020|Alexander Payne
idDirector0021|Alfonso Cuarón
idDirector0022|Alfonso Gomez-Rejon
idDirector0023|Alfred Hitchcock
idDirector0024|Amit Ravindernath Sharma
idDirector0025|Anders Thomas Jensen
idDirector0026|Andrei Tarkovsky
idDirector0027|Andrew Adamson
idDirector0028|Andrew Davis
idDirector0029|Andrew Lau
idDirector0030|Andrew Niccol
idDirector0031|Andrew Stanton
idDirector0032|Andrey Zvyagintsev
idDirector0033|Aneesh Chaganty
idDirector0034|Ang Lee
idDirector0035|Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury
idDirector0036|Anthony Harvey
idDirector0037|Anthony Russo
idDirector0038|Antoine Fuqua
idDirector0039|Anton Corbijn
idDirector0040|Anurag Basu
idDirector0041|Anurag Kashyap
idDirector0042|Arthur Penn
idDirector0043|Asghar Farhadi
idDirector0044|Ashutosh Gowariker
idDirector0045|Barry Levinson
idDirector0046|Ben Affleck
idDirector0047|Bennett Miller
idDirector0048|Bernardo Bertolucci
idDirector0049|Billy Bob Thornton
idDirector0050|Billy Wilder
idDirector0051|Blake Edwards
idDirector0052|Boaz Yakin
idDirector0053|Bob Clark
idDirector0054|Bob Fosse
idDirector0055|Bob Gale
idDirector0056|Bob Persichetti
idDirector0057|Bong Joon Ho
idDirector0058|Brad Anderson
idDirector0059|Brad Bird
idDirector0060|Bradley Cooper
idDirector0061|Brian De Palma
idDirector0062|Brian G. Hutton
idDirector0063|Brian Henson
idDirector0064|Bruce Robinson
idDirector0065|Bryan Singer
idDirector0066|Buster Keaton
idDirector0067|Byron Howard
idDirector0068|Cameron Crowe
idDirector0069|Can Ulkay
idDirector0070|Carl Theodor Dreyer
idDirector0071|Carol Reed
idDirector0072|Cary Joji Fukunaga
idDirector0073|Cecil B. DeMille
idDirector0074|Chan-wook Park
idDirector0075|Charles Chaplin
idDirector0076|Charles Laughton
idDirector0077|Charles Vidor
idDirector0078|Charlie Kaufman
idDirector0079|Chris Columbus
idDirector0080|Christian Carion
idDirector0081|Christophe Barratier
idDirector0082|Christopher McQuarrie
idDirector0083|Christopher Miller
idDirector0084|Christopher Nolan
idDirector0085|Clint Eastwood
idDirector0086|Clyde Bruckman
idDirector0087|Cristian Mungiu
idDirector0088|Curtis Hanson
idDirector0089|Cy Endfield
idDirector0090|Céline Sciamma
idDirector0091|Damien Chazelle
idDirector0092|Damián Szifron
idDirector0093|Dan Gilroy
idDirector0094|Daniel Monzón
idDirector0095|Danis Tanovic
idDirector0096|Danny Boyle
idDirector0097|Darius Marder
idDirector0098|Darren Aronofsky
idDirector0099|David Ayer
idDirector0100|David Cronenberg
idDirector0101|David Fincher
idDirector0102|David Lean
idDirector0103|David Leitch
idDirector0104|David Lynch
idDirector0105|David Mackenzie
idDirector0106|David Mickey Evans
idDirector0107|David O. Russell
idDirector0108|David Yates
idDirector0109|David Zucker
idDirector0110|Dean DeBlois
idDirector0111|Denis Villeneuve
idDirector0112|Deniz Gamze Ergüven
idDirector0113|Dennis Gansel
idDirector0114|Destin Daniel Cretton
idDirector0115|Don Hall
idDirector0116|Don Siegel
idDirector0117|Dorota Kobiela
idDirector0118|Doug Liman
idDirector0119|Duncan Jones
idDirector0120|Edgar Wright
idDirector0121|Edward Zwick
idDirector0122|Elem Klimov
idDirector0123|Elia Kazan
idDirector0124|Emir Kusturica
idDirector0125|Eric Bress
idDirector0126|Ericson Core
idDirector0127|Ernst Lubitsch
idDirector0128|Ethan Coen
idDirector0129|F. Gary Gray
idDirector0130|F.W. Murnau
idDirector0131|Fabián Bielinsky
idDirector0132|Farhan Akhtar
idDirector0133|Fatih Akin
idDirector0134|Federico Fellini
idDirector0135|Felix van Groeningen
idDirector0136|Fernando Meirelles
idDirector0137|Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
idDirector0138|Francis Ford Coppola
idDirector0139|Francis Lee
idDirector0140|Francis Veber
idDirector0141|Frank Capra
idDirector0142|Frank Darabont
idDirector0143|Frank Miller
idDirector0144|Franklin J. Schaffner
idDirector0145|François Truffaut
idDirector0146|Fred Zinnemann
idDirector0147|Fritz Lang
idDirector0148|Gabriele Muccino
idDirector0149|Gareth Edwards
idDirector0150|Gareth Evans
idDirector0151|Garth Davis
idDirector0152|Gary Trousdale
idDirector0153|Gauri Shinde
idDirector0154|Gavin O'Connor
idDirector0155|Gayatri
idDirector0156|Gene Saks
idDirector0157|George A. Romero
idDirector0158|George Cukor
idDirector0159|George Lucas
idDirector0160|George Miller
idDirector0161|George P. Cosmatos
idDirector0162|George Roy Hill
idDirector0163|George Seaton
idDirector0164|George Sluizer
idDirector0165|George Stevens
idDirector0166|Georges Franju
idDirector0167|Gillo Pontecorvo
idDirector0168|Giuseppe Tornatore
idDirector0169|Gore Verbinski
idDirector0170|Gregg Araki
idDirector0171|Gregory Hoblit
idDirector0172|Greta Gerwig
idDirector0173|Guillermo del Toro
idDirector0174|Gus Van Sant
idDirector0175|Guy Hamilton
idDirector0176|Guy Ritchie
idDirector0177|Hal Ashby
idDirector0178|Hannes Holm
idDirector0179|Harold Ramis
idDirector0180|Hayao Miyazaki
idDirector0181|Henri-Georges Clouzot
idDirector0182|Henry Koster
idDirector0183|Henry Selick
idDirector0184|Hideaki Anno
idDirector0185|Hirokazu Koreeda
idDirector0186|Hiromasa Yonebayashi
idDirector0187|Hong-jin Na
idDirector0188|Howard Hawks
idDirector0189|Hrishikesh Mukherjee
idDirector0190|Imtiaz Ali
idDirector0191|Ingmar Bergman
idDirector0192|Irvin Kershner
idDirector0193|Isao Takahata
idDirector0194|Ivan Reitman
idDirector0195|J. Lee Thompson
idDirector0196|J.J. Abrams
idDirector0197|Jack Clayton
idDirector0198|Jaco Van Dormael
idDirector0199|Jacques Audiard
idDirector0200|Jacques Tourneur
idDirector0201|Jae-young Kwak
idDirector0202|James Algar
idDirector0203|James Cameron
idDirector0204|James Foley
idDirector0205|James Frawley
idDirector0206|James Gunn
idDirector0207|James Ivory
idDirector0208|James L. Brooks
idDirector0209|James Mangold
idDirector0210|James Marsh
idDirector0211|James McTeigue
idDirector0212|James Simone
idDirector0213|James Wan
idDirector0214|James Whale
idDirector0215|Je-kyu Kang
idDirector0216|Jean Renoir
idDirector0217|Jean-Jacques Annaud
idDirector0218|Jean-Luc Godard
idDirector0219|Jean-Marc Vallée
idDirector0220|Jean-Pierre Jeunet
idDirector0221|Jean-Pierre Melville
idDirector0222|Jee-woon Kim
idDirector0223|Jeethu Joseph
idDirector0224|Jemaine Clement
idDirector0225|Jeong-beom Lee
idDirector0226|Jessie Nelson
idDirector0227|Jim Abrahams
idDirector0228|Jim Jarmusch
idDirector0229|Jim Sheridan
idDirector0230|Joe Johnston
idDirector0231|Joe Wright
idDirector0232|Joel Coen
idDirector0233|Joel Schumacher
idDirector0234|John Boorman
idDirector0235|John Cameron Mitchell
idDirector0236|John Carney
idDirector0237|John Carpenter
idDirector0238|John Ford
idDirector0239|John Frankenheimer
idDirector0240|John G. Avildsen
idDirector0241|John Hughes
idDirector0242|John Huston
idDirector0243|John Landis
idDirector0244|John Lasseter
idDirector0245|John Lee Hancock
idDirector0246|John McTiernan
idDirector0247|John Schlesinger
idDirector0248|John Singleton
idDirector0249|John Sturges
idDirector0250|John Woo
idDirector0251|Jon Avnet
idDirector0252|Jon Favreau
idDirector0253|Jonathan Dayton
idDirector0254|Jonathan Demme
idDirector0255|Jonathan Levine
idDirector0256|Jonathan Lynn
idDirector0257|Jordan Peele
idDirector0258|Joseph Kosinski
idDirector0259|Joseph L. Mankiewicz
idDirector0260|Joseph Sargent
idDirector0261|Josh Boone
idDirector0262|Josh Cooley
idDirector0263|Joss Whedon
idDirector0264|José Padilha
idDirector0265|Juan José Campanella
idDirector0266|Jules Dassin
idDirector0267|Julian Schnabel
idDirector0268|Kabir Khan
idDirector0269|Kaige Chen
idDirector0270|Kar-Wai Wong
idDirector0271|Karan Johar
idDirector0272|Katsuhiro Ôtomo
idDirector0273|Ken Annakin
idDirector0274|Ken Loach
idDirector0275|Kenneth Branagh
idDirector0276|Kenneth Lonergan
idDirector0277|Kevin Altieri
idDirector0278|Kevin Costner
idDirector0279|Kevin Macdonald
idDirector0280|Kevin Reynolds
idDirector0281|Kevin Smith
idDirector0282|Ki-duk Kim
idDirector0283|Kinji Fukasaku
idDirector0284|Krzysztof Kieslowski
idDirector0285|Lana Wachowski
idDirector0286|Lars von Trier
idDirector0287|Lasse Hallström
idDirector0288|Lee Tamahori
idDirector0289|Lee Unkrich
idDirector0290|Lenny Abrahamson
idDirector0291|Leo McCarey
idDirector0292|Levent Semerci
idDirector0293|Lewis Milestone
idDirector0294|Louis Malle
idDirector0295|Luc Besson
idDirector0296|Luca Guadagnino
idDirector0297|Luis Buñuel
idDirector0298|Lukas Moodysson
idDirector0299|M. Night Shyamalan
idDirector0300|Majid Majidi
idDirector0301|Makoto Shinkai
idDirector0302|Mamoru Hosoda
idDirector0303|Mamoru Oshii
idDirector0304|Marc Caro
idDirector0305|Marc Forster
idDirector0306|Marc Webb
idDirector0307|Mark Herman
idDirector0308|Mark Osborne
idDirector0309|Mark Rydell
idDirector0310|Martin Brest
idDirector0311|Martin Campbell
idDirector0312|Martin McDonagh
idDirector0313|Martin Rosen
idDirector0314|Martin Scorsese
idDirector0315|Martin Zandvliet
idDirector0316|Mary Harron
idDirector0317|Masaki Kobayashi
idDirector0318|Mathieu Kassovitz
idDirector0319|Matt Reeves
idDirector0320|Matt Ross
idDirector0321|Matthew Vaughn
idDirector0322|Matthew Warchus
idDirector0323|Meghna Gulzar
idDirector0324|Mehmet Ada Öztekin
idDirector0325|Mel Brooks
idDirector0326|Mel Gibson
idDirector0327|Mel Stuart
idDirector0328|Merian C. Cooper
idDirector0329|Michael Cimino
idDirector0330|Michael Curtiz
idDirector0331|Michael Haneke
idDirector0332|Michael Mann
idDirector0333|Michael Powell
idDirector0334|Michael Radford
idDirector0335|Michel Gondry
idDirector0336|Michel Hazanavicius
idDirector0337|Michelangelo Antonioni
idDirector0338|Mikael Håfström
idDirector0339|Mike Judge
idDirector0340|Mike Leigh
idDirector0341|Mike Newell
idDirector0342|Mike Nichols
idDirector0343|Milos Forman
idDirector0344|Morten Tyldum
idDirector0345|Moustapha Akkad
idDirector0346|Mukesh Chhabra
idDirector0347|Nadine Labaki
idDirector0348|Naoko Yamada
idDirector0349|Nathan Greno
idDirector0350|Neeraj Pandey
idDirector0351|Neil Burger
idDirector0352|Neill Blomkamp
idDirector0353|Nicholas Meyer
idDirector0354|Nicholas Ray
idDirector0355|Nick Cassavetes
idDirector0356|Nicolas Winding Refn
idDirector0357|Niels Arden Oplev
idDirector0358|Nikkhil Advani
idDirector0359|Nishikant Kamat
idDirector0360|Nitesh Tiwari
idDirector0361|Noah Baumbach
idDirector0362|Norman Jewison
idDirector0363|Nuri Bilge Ceylan
idDirector0364|Oliver Hirschbiegel
idDirector0365|Oliver Stone
idDirector0366|Olivier Dahan
idDirector0367|Olivier Nakache
idDirector0368|Oriol Paulo
idDirector0369|Orson Welles
idDirector0370|Otto Preminger
idDirector0371|Paolo Genovese
idDirector0372|Paolo Sorrentino
idDirector0373|Paul Greengrass
idDirector0374|Paul Haggis
idDirector0375|Paul King
idDirector0376|Paul McGuigan
idDirector0377|Paul Thomas Anderson
idDirector0378|Paul Verhoeven
idDirector0379|Pedro Almodóvar
idDirector0380|Penny Marshall
idDirector0381|Pete Docter
idDirector0382|Peter Bogdanovich
idDirector0383|Peter Farrelly
idDirector0384|Peter Jackson
idDirector0385|Peter Mullan
idDirector0386|Peter Weir
idDirector0387|Philip Kaufman
idDirector0388|Pierre Coffin
idDirector0389|Pierre Morel
idDirector0390|Prashanth Neel
idDirector0391|Priyadarshan
idDirector0392|Quentin Tarantino
idDirector0393|Rahi Anil Barve
idDirector0394|Raja Menon
idDirector0395|Rajkumar Hirani
idDirector0396|Rajkumar Santoshi
idDirector0397|Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra
idDirector0398|Ramesh Sippy
idDirector0399|Raoul Walsh
idDirector0400|René Laloux
idDirector0401|Rian Johnson
idDirector0402|Rich Moore
idDirector0403|Richard Attenborough
idDirector0404|Richard Brooks
idDirector0405|Richard Curtis
idDirector0406|Richard Donner
idDirector0407|Richard Kelly
idDirector0408|Richard Lester
idDirector0409|Richard Linklater
idDirector0410|Richard Marquand
idDirector0411|Richard Schenkman
idDirector0412|Ridley Scott
idDirector0413|Ritesh Batra
idDirector0414|Rob Reiner
idDirector0415|Robert Aldrich
idDirector0416|Robert Altman
idDirector0417|Robert Benton
idDirector0418|Robert Clouse
idDirector0419|Robert De Niro
idDirector0420|Robert Hamer
idDirector0421|Robert Mulligan
idDirector0422|Robert Redford
idDirector0423|Robert Rossen
idDirector0424|Robert Stevenson
idDirector0425|Robert Wiene
idDirector0426|Robert Wise
idDirector0427|Robert Zemeckis
idDirector0428|Roberto Benigni
idDirector0429|Roger Allers
idDirector0430|Roger Donaldson
idDirector0431|Roland Joffé
idDirector0432|Roman Polanski
idDirector0433|Ron Clements
idDirector0434|Ron Howard
idDirector0435|Ronny Yu
idDirector0436|Ruben Fleischer
idDirector0437|Ryan Coogler
idDirector0438|S.S. Rajamouli
idDirector0439|Sam Mendes
idDirector0440|Sam Peckinpah
idDirector0441|Sam Raimi
idDirector0442|Sam Wood
idDirector0443|Sanjay Leela Bhansali
idDirector0444|Satoshi Kon
idDirector0445|Scott Hicks
idDirector0446|Sean Baker
idDirector0447|Sean Penn
idDirector0448|Sebastian Schipper
idDirector0449|Sergei M. Eisenstein
idDirector0450|Sergio Leone
idDirector0451|Sergio Pablos
idDirector0452|Shane Meadows
idDirector0453|Shimit Amin
idDirector0454|Shin'ichirô Watanabe
idDirector0455|Shoojit Sircar
idDirector0456|Shûsuke Kaneko
idDirector0457|Sidney Lumet
idDirector0458|Sofia Coppola
idDirector0459|Spike Jonze
idDirector0460|Spike Lee
idDirector0461|Sriram Raghavan
idDirector0462|Stanley Donen
idDirector0463|Stanley Kramer
idDirector0464|Stanley Kubrick
idDirector0465|Stephen Chbosky
idDirector0466|Stephen Chow
idDirector0467|Stephen Daldry
idDirector0468|Stephen Frears
idDirector0469|Steve McQueen
idDirector0470|Steven Soderbergh
idDirector0471|Steven Spielberg
idDirector0472|Stuart Rosenberg
idDirector0473|Sudha Kongara
idDirector0474|Sujoy Ghosh
idDirector0475|Susanne Bier
idDirector0476|Sylvain Chomet
idDirector0477|Taika Waititi
idDirector0478|Takeshi Kitano
idDirector0479|Tarsem Singh
idDirector0480|Tate Taylor
idDirector0481|Taylor Hackford
idDirector0482|Taylor Sheridan
idDirector0483|Ted Demme
idDirector0484|Ted Kotcheff
idDirector0485|Terence Young
idDirector0486|Terrence Malick
idDirector0487|Terry George
idDirector0488|Terry Gilliam
idDirector0489|Terry Jones
idDirector0490|Tetsuya Nakashima
idDirector0491|Theodore Melfi
idDirector0492|Thomas Jahn
idDirector0493|Thomas Kail
idDirector0494|Thomas Vinterberg
idDirector0495|Tigmanshu Dhulia
idDirector0496|Tim Burton
idDirector0497|Tim Miller
idDirector0498|Tod Browning
idDirector0499|Todd Haynes
idDirector0500|Todd Phillips
idDirector0501|Todd Solondz
idDirector0502|Tom Hooper
idDirector0503|Tom McCarthy
idDirector0504|Tom Tykwer
idDirector0505|Tomas Alfredson
idDirector0506|Tomm Moore
idDirector0507|Tony Bancroft
idDirector0508|Tony Kaye
idDirector0509|Tony Scott
idDirector0510|Travis Knight
idDirector0511|Trey Parker
idDirector0512|Troy Duffy
idDirector0513|Tyler Nilson
idDirector0514|Umesh Shukla
idDirector0515|Victor Fleming
idDirector0516|Vikas Bahl
idDirector0517|Vikramaditya Motwane
idDirector0518|Vincent Paronnaud
idDirector0519|Vishal Bhardwaj
idDirector0520|Vittorio De Sica
idDirector0521|W.S. Van Dyke
idDirector0522|Walter Hill
idDirector0523|Walter Salles
idDirector0524|Werner Herzog
idDirector0525|Wes Anderson
idDirector0526|William Friedkin
idDirector0527|William Wyler
idDirector0528|Wilson Yip
idDirector0529|Wim Wenders
idDirector0530|Wolfgang Becker
idDirector0531|Wolfgang Petersen
idDirector0532|Wolfgang Reitherman
idDirector0533|Woody Allen
idDirector0534|Xavier Dolan
idDirector0535|Yann Samuell
idDirector0536|Yash Chopra
idDirector0537|Yasujirô Ozu
idDirector0538|Yavuz Turgul
idDirector0539|Yilmaz Erdogan
idDirector0540|Yimou Zhang
idDirector0541|Yoshiaki Kawajiri
idDirector0542|Yoshifumi Kondô
idDirector0543|Yôjirô Takita
idDirector0544|Zack Snyder
idDirector0545|Zaza Urushadze
idDirector0546|Zoya Akhtar
idDirector0547|Çagan Irmak
idDirector0548|Ömer Faruk Sorak
